# coachhire4u1


coachhire4u
Coach Hire 4 U fleet will provide the very best in comfort, safety and technology along with latest up to date carbon friendly engines to the specification that meets your requirement. We provide 4-seater executive saloon cars to full size 74 seat executive coaches at cost-effective prices and exceptional service throughout the UK.
Terms & Conditions:
These conditions apply whether a contract has been made verbally or in writing. The hirer acts on behalf of all the passengers travelling on the vehicle. If the hirer is a company, group, or partnership, an individual must be named as a responsible person, tour guide, group leader, teacher, event organiser, party leader Etc. The hirer is responsible for actions and decision of all passengers on board including any additional cost incurred in performing the contract, whether or not they actually travel with the party. The company will only accept instructions from the hirer. We will only take instructions from the responsible person if we are instructed to do so by the hirer in writing prior to the hire. If the hirer is not going to travel with the party, a responsible person must be chosen, and the company informed prior to the hire-taking place, who the responsible person will be. Bookings are subject to availability of vehicle and/or driver up to 48 hrs prior to booking. Quotation/Bookings placed via the internet which are not deliverable due to availability of vehicle and/or driver will be fully refunded within seven working days of the initial order being placed. Notification of supply will be sent in three working days of order. Errors and Omission accepted.
